Good — there's already a fairly complete Next.js/TypeScript project here. Let me look at the existing checkout, email/help, and env setup to see what's already wired up before figuring out what "deploy as a working prototype" actually requires.

Here's where things stand on the redesign:

What I found and built so far

Your uploaded project already had a complete Next.js/TypeScript site (NASA APOD hero, theming, shop, portfolio, help center) with a demo checkout that took no payment and a help-center endpoint that only logged reports to the console — exactly the two gaps you flagged. I wired both up:

Stripe — /api/checkout now creates a real Stripe Checkout Session (server-side re-pricing from your product catalog, so a tampered cart can't change the price), redirects the browser to Stripe's hosted payment page, and a new /api/checkout/session route verifies the completed session before showing the order confirmation. I also added a /api/webhooks/stripe endpoint so a receipt still goes out even if someone closes the tab before the redirect back.
Nodemailer — added src/lib/mailer.ts, a provider-agnostic SMTP wrapper (works with Gmail, SendGrid, Mailtrap, etc.). It's now used both for help-center report emails and for order receipt emails triggered by the Stripe webhook. With no SMTP configured it logs instead of crashing, so local dev still works.
Updated .env.example, .env.local, and the README with full setup/deploy instructions for both pieces.

npm install just finished successfully with the new stripe and nodemailer packages added. I was about to run a full build/typecheck to make sure everything compiles cleanly, but I've hit my tool-call limit for this turn.

One important thing to flag: I can build and verify this code in my sandbox, but I don't have the ability to actually push it to a live host (no access to Vercel/Netlify/etc., and it needs your real Stripe keys and SMTP credentials, which shouldn't go through chat). So "fully working prototype" from my end means: working code, verified to build, with clear setup steps — the last mile of getting real keys into a host is something you'll need to do (the README now walks through exactly that).

Want me to continue — run the build/typecheck, fix anything that comes up, and then package the project for you to download?

Typecheck passes cleanly. Now let's run the full production build.

Both verified working — typecheck is clean, npm run build succeeds, and the dev server serves every page correctly. Here's what's in the zip below:

Stripe

/api/checkout re-prices the cart server-side, creates a Stripe Checkout Session, returns its URL
Browser redirects to Stripe's hosted payment page → back to /checkout/success?session_id=...
/api/checkout/session verifies the paid session directly with Stripe before showing the confirmation
/api/webhooks/stripe sends a receipt email even if the customer closes the tab before redirecting back

Nodemailer

src/lib/mailer.ts — generic SMTP wrapper (works with Gmail, SendGrid, Mailtrap, etc.)
Help-center reports now email SUPPORT_EMAIL instead of just logging
Order receipts email the customer after a successful Stripe payment
No SMTP configured → logs instead of crashing, so local dev still works without credentials

Bonus fix: the cart page had a pre-existing TypeScript error (missing imgUrl prop) that was blocking npm run build entirely — fixed that too, since it's needed for the app to build at all.

To actually go live, you'll need to:

npm install, cp .env.example .env.local
Add your Stripe test keys and SMTP credentials (README has step-by-step instructions, including the stripe listen command for local webhook testing)
Push to GitHub and deploy on Vercel (or any Next.js host), setting the same env vars there

I can't create the Stripe/SMTP accounts or push this to a live host myself — that needs your credentials — but the README's "Deploying" section walks through exactly those steps if you want to do it yourself, or I can help troubleshoot as you go.